README.md, before:

# [Choose A Foundation](https://shanecurcuru.github.io/chooseafoundation/)

Inspired by GitHub's [Choose A License](https://choosealicense.com/), I wanted to help FOSS communities take it to the next level of organization.  Thus, [Choose A Foundation](https://shanecurcuru.github.io/chooseafoundation/) - when your project starts growing, you need to define your governance and decide how to manage project (and contributor!) growth.  Choose A Foundation is here to provide non-judgemental suggestions of the most popular FOSS Foundations that accept new projects as member projects.

## License / Contributing :pencil:

I welcome your input! :sparkles: :tada: See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for how to submit a GitHub issue or PR.  All submissions are expected to be under the [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE).  Please be [excellent to each other](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Credits :clap:

See [NOTICE](NOTICE) and the [Colophon](https://shanecurcuru.github.io/chooseafoundation/colophon).

## Design / Layout :art:

- Foundations are non-judgemental overviews.
- Pages are used to explain basic concepts.
- Posts are longer form descriptions and advice.

Theme forked from [mmistakes/minimal-mistakes](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes)

Commit message:

Update bio and copyright line

README.md, after:

# [Choose A Foundation](http://chooseafoundation.com/)

Inspired by GitHub's [Choose A License](https://choosealicense.com/), I wanted to help FOSS communities take it to the next level of organization.  Thus, [Choose A Foundation](http://chooseafoundation.com/) - when your project starts growing, you need to define your governance and decide how to manage project (and contributor!) growth.  Choose A Foundation is here to provide non-judgemental suggestions of the most popular FOSS Foundations that accept new projects as member projects.

## License / Contributing :pencil:

I welcome your input! :sparkles: :tada: See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for how to submit a GitHub issue or PR.  All submissions are expected to be under the [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE).  Please be [excellent to each other](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Credits :clap:

See [NOTICE](NOTICE) and the [Colophon](http://chooseafoundation.com/colophon).

## Design / Layout :art:

- Foundations are non-judgemental overviews.
- Pages are used to explain basic concepts.
- Posts are longer form descriptions and advice.

Theme forked from [mmistakes/minimal-mistakes](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes)

Copyright © [Shane Curcuru](http://shanecurcuru.org/) 2017-2018 | A [Punderthings℠ Production](http://punderthings.com/) | Licensed: [Apache License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)
