_foundations/eclipse.md, before:

---
title: "Eclipse Foundation"
excerpt: "The Eclipse Foundation is an amazing open source community of Tools, Projects and Collaborative Working Groups."
permalink: /foundations/eclipse
layout: foundation
header:
  overlay_color: rgba(44, 34, 85, 0.8)
tags:
  - Foundation

sidebar:
  - image: "assets/images/eclipse.png"
    image_alt: "Eclipse globe logo"
    text: >
      Tax Status: 501C6  
      <br/><br/>
      Popular Projects: The Eclipse Project, Eclipse Modeling Framework, BIRT, Jetty  
      <br/><br/>
      Accepts New Projects: Yes  
      <br/><br/>
      Data Last Updated: August, 2017

core:
  newProjects: "yes"
  url: "https://eclipse.org/"
  legalName: "Eclipse Foundation, Inc."
  location: "US"
  nonprofit: "501C6"
  licenses: "EPL-2.0"
  copyrightPolicy: "DCO"
  copyrightPolicyURL: "https://www.eclipse.org/legal/ECA.php"
governance:
  boardSize: "16"
  boardType: "sponsor, elected"
  boardURL: "https://eclipse.org/org/foundation/directors.php"
  membership: ""
  bylawsURL: "https://eclipse.org/org/documents/Eclipse%20BYLAWS%202011_08_15%20Final.pdf"
  employees: "28"
finance:
  funding: "sponsors"
  budgetUSD: "6M"
  budgetURL: "https://eclipse.org/org/foundation/reports/annual_report.php"
  sponsorURL: "http://www.eclipse.org/membership/exploreMembership.php#tab-strategic"
  sponsorList: "CA Technologies, CEA LIST, Ericcson AB, IBM, itemis AG, OBEO, Oracle, Redhat, Bosch, SAP"
brand:
  primary: "Eclipse"
  secondary: "LocationTech, PolarSys, various projects - dozens+"
  registered: "yes"
  logo: "https://www.eclipse.org/eclipse.org-common/themes/solstice/public/images/logo/eclipse-426x100.png"
  logoRegistered: "yes"
  policyURL: "https://eclipse.org/legal/logo_guidelines.php"
  useURL: ""
  comments: "Detailed rules for using Eclipse and all associated project trademarks."
projects:
  total: "283"
  governance: ""
  notable: "The Eclipse Project, Eclipse Modeling Framework, BIRT, Jetty"
  listURL: "http://www.eclipse.org/projects/"
  services: "Eclipse provides a wide variety of support services for projects."

---

## About The Eclipse Foundation

Eclipse is a community for individuals and organizations who wish to collaborate on open source software. There are over 300 open source projects in the Eclipse community, ranging from tools for software developers, geo-spatial technology, systems engineering and embedded development tools, frameworks for IoT solutions, tools for scientific research, and much more. The Eclipse Foundation is a not-for-profit foundation that is the steward of the Eclipse community. More information is available at [eclipse.org](https://eclipse.org/).

## How Individuals Can Get Involved {#individual}

Read how to [Get Involved](https://eclipse.org/contribute/).

## How Projects Can Get Involved {#project}

Read how to [Start An Open Source Project At Eclipse](https://eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#starting).

## How Companies Can Get Involved {#company}

Read about the many [Eclipse Working Groups](https://eclipse.org/org/workinggroups/).

Commit message:

Updates to the entry for the Eclipse Foundation.
This includes some general updates the messaging, our projects, brands,
sponsors, etc. It also includes our new logo.

_foundations/eclipse.md, after:

---
title: "Eclipse Foundation"
excerpt: "The Eclipse Foundation is an amazing open source community of runtimes, tools and frameworks, IoT, automotive, geospatial, systems engineering, and many other technology domains."
permalink: /foundations/eclipse
layout: foundation
header:
  overlay_color: rgba(44, 34, 85, 0.8)
tags:
  - Foundation

sidebar:
  - image: "assets/images/eclipse.png"
    image_alt: "Eclipse globe logo"
    text: >
      Tax Status: 501C6  
      <br/><br/>
      Popular Projects: The Eclipse Project, Eclipse Che, Eclipse Modeling Framework, Eclipse Jetty, Eclipse GlassFish, EE4J, Eclipse OpenJ9, Eclipse Vert.x, Eclipse Paho
      <br/><br/>
      Accepts New Projects: Yes  
      <br/><br/>
      Data Last Updated: June, 2018

core:
  newProjects: "yes"
  url: "https://www.eclipse.org/projects"
  legalName: "Eclipse Foundation, Inc."
  location: "US"
  nonprofit: "501C6"
  licenses: "EPL-2.0"
  copyrightPolicy: "DCO"
  copyrightPolicyURL: "https://www.eclipse.org/legal/ECA.php"
governance:
  boardSize: "16"
  boardType: "sponsor, elected"
  boardURL: "https://www.eclipse.org/org/foundation/directors.php"
  membership: ""
  bylawsURL: "https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Eclipse%20BYLAWS%202011_08_15%20Final.pdf"
  employees: "28"
finance:
  funding: "sponsors"
  budgetUSD: "6M"
  budgetURL: "https://www.eclipse.org/org/foundation/reports/annual_report.php"
  sponsorURL: "http://www.eclipse.org/membership/exploreMembership.php#tab-strategic"
  sponsorList: "CA Technologies, CEA LIST, Fujitsu Limited, IBM, itemis AG, OBEO, Oracle, Payara Services Limited, Redhat, Bosch, SAP, Tomitribe"
brand:
  primary: "Eclipse"
  secondary: "EclipseCon, GlassFish, Jakarta EE, Jetty, MicroProfile, PolarSys"
  registered: "yes"
  logoRegistered: "yes"
  policyURL: "https://www.eclipse.org/legal/logo_guidelines.php"
  useURL: ""
  comments: "Detailed rules for using Eclipse and all associated project trademarks."
projects:
  total: "358"
  governance: ""
  notable: "The Eclipse Project, Eclipse Modeling Framework, Jetty"
  listURL: "http://www.eclipse.org/projects/"
  services: "Governance, intellectual property management, ecosystem development, builds, and IT infrastructure."

---

## About The Eclipse Foundation

The Eclipse Foundation provides a global community of individuals and organizations with a mature, scalable and commercially-focused environment for open source software collaboration and innovation. The Foundation is home to the Eclipse IDE, Jakarta EE and over 350 open source projects, including runtimes, tools and frameworks for a wide range of technology domains such as IoT, automotive, geospatial, systems engineering and many others. The Eclipse Foundation is a not-for-profit organization supported by over 275 corporate members, including industry leaders who value open source as a key enabler for business strategy. To learn more, follow us on Twitter @EclipseFdn, LinkedIn or visit eclipse.org.

## How Individuals Can Get Involved {#individual}

Read how to [Get Involved](https://www.eclipse.org/contribute/).

## How Projects Can Get Involved {#project}

Read how to [Start An Open Source Project At Eclipse](https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#starting).

## How Companies Can Get Involved {#company}

Read about the many [Eclipse Working Groups](https://www.eclipse.org/org/workinggroups/).
